Update the mmr doc for the new flag explain (#12201)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/specialized-operations/vector-search-mmr.md

| `candidates`              | Integer   | Optional                                        | The number of candidate documents to retrieve before applying MMR reranking. Default is `3 * size`, where `size` is the query's `size` parameter (the requested number of results to return).                                                                                        |
| `vector_field_path`       | String    | Optional (required for remote indexes) | The path to the vector field used for MMR reranking. If not provided, OpenSearch resolves it automatically from the search request.                                                            |
| `vector_field_data_type`  | String    | Optional (required for remote indexes) | The data type of the vector field. Used to parse the field and calculate similarity. If not provided, OpenSearch resolves it from the index mapping.                                            |

> | `vector_field_space_type` | String    | Optional (required for remote indexes) | Used to determine the similarity function for the vector field, such as cosine similarity or Euclidean distance. If not provided, OpenSearch resolves it from the index mapping.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `vector_field_space_type` | String    | Optional (required for remote indexes) | Used to determine the similarity function for the vector field, such as cosine similarity or Euclidean distance. If not provided, OpenSearch resolves it from the index mapping. For valid values, see [Distance calculation]([/mappings/supported-field-types/knn-spaces/#distance-calculation](https://docs.opensearch.org/latest/mappings/supported-field-types/knn-spaces/#distance-calculation)).             |
```

> | `vector_field_space_type` | String    | Optional (required for remote indexes) | Used to determine the similarity function for the vector field, such as cosine similarity or Euclidean distance. If not provided, OpenSearch resolves it from the index mapping. For valid values, see [Distance calculation]([/mappings/supported-field-types/knn-spaces/#distance-calculation](https://docs.opensearch.org/latest/mappings/supported-field-types/knn-spaces/#distance-calculation)).             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `vector_field_space_type` | String    | Optional (required for remote indexes) | Used to determine the similarity function for the vector field, such as cosine similarity or Euclidean distance. If not provided, OpenSearch resolves it from the index mapping. For valid values, see [Distance calculation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/mappings/supported-field-types/knn-spaces/#distance-calculation).             |
```
